I need more dragonriders.
You understand.
to claim a dragon.
you must also
be prepared to die.
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org
It was a reckless thought
that an ancient Valyrian beast
would suffer a
Darklyn to ride it.
Surely it was
not the only possibility.
I'll see my brother.
What do you remember?
I remember nothing.
The small folk of
King's Landing are listening.
They are hungry.
Our gift is sent.
Give it to me!
Your Graces. we must leave.
Let's go.
There's the queen of fishes!
Long live Queen Rhaenyra!
If you have any counsel for
dealing with the river lords.
I'd be glad of it.
But Grover Tully is
their Lord Paramount.
Without him. they will never
raise their banners as one.
This is Ser Oscar Tully.
grandson to Grover Tully.
He is heir to Riverrun
and the future Lord
Paramount of the Riverlands.
Houses Bracken and Blackwood
have long detested one another.
We have fought them
for an age and more.
There are things
the crown itself
must not be seen to do.
Show them your worst.
I am your servant. Your Grace.
There were works of barbarity.
Dragon or no. we shall not
raise our banners for a tyrant.
Your Grace. Lord Grover is dead.
Young Oscar Tully is now
Lord Paramount
of the Riverlands.
When I take King's Landing.
Rhaenyra is welcome
to join me there
and take her place by my side.
There is a large
dragon in the Vale.
Large. but alas wild.
You saved his life. brother.
Do you never think
about what could be ours?
Your Grace. the dragon Seasmoke
has been sighted
flying over Spicetown.
From what we have
heard. he has a rider.
You stand before the
Queen of the Seven Kingdoms...
with a dragon of
House Targaryen!
I had no design upon it!
What do you want?!
To learn
the ways of dragonriders.
And to serve my queen!
Your Grace!
You kneel quickly...
for a man so suddenly elevated.
This dragon came
to me. not I to him.
I have sweated blood in
service of House Velaryon.
I may appear lowborn...
but I know much
and more of service!
And if the gods call
me to greater things.
who am I to refuse them?
Stand.
What is your parentage?
My mother was a shipwright.
My father is...
no one of consequence.
Your ancestors. any
of House Targaryen?
We're not the sort of family
to keep annals. Your Grace.
What is your name?
Addam... of Hull.
You have done something...
I feared impossible...
Addam of Hull.
I am glad of it.
Do you think you can
get him to Dragonstone?
I can try.
All my life...
I have endeavored to serve
both my house and the realm.
And somehow none of it matters.
We are cast aside.
Or hated.
You'll have a scar...
but... it
will be easily hidden.
Nothing is clean here.
I wish to go out. Ser Rickard.
Out?
To the Kingswood. I think.
Then I'll have the
stewards prepare
- a retinue.
- No retinue.
- Then your handmaidens...
- No handmaidens.
Just you.
What are
they for? The block or the crow cage?
The Wall.
The prince regent is merciful.
Well. they started a riot.
Justice is served. I suppose.
I have received word of a
matter of great importance.
Rumor of a sighting of
the dragon Seasmoke...
with a rider.
A fine piece of intelligence.
and now you seek favor by
delivering it to Prince Aemond.
Actually. I thought I might
seek your advice. Lord Larys.
Whispers being your province.
Kneel before the Prince
Regent Aemond Targaryen!
But this is your whisper.
Lord Jasper. not mine.
But if you consider
it valuable...
perhaps you could deliver it
and find favor with
Aemond yourself.
You will
forsake your white cloaks for black.
Serve out your days at The Wall.
Who is this rider?
That is less clear.
but it must surely
be the Lady Rhaena.
She has wanted for
a dragon all her life.
Indeed. but she tried already
when she was four and ten.
The beast Seasmoke
very nearly devoured her.
Who else?
Yes. it is a shallow pool.
Where did you hear it?
My squire.
He heard it from a stablehand.
who heard it from
his father. a fisherman.
whose shipmate claims he saw it.
You are. of course.
welcome to bring this news
to the prince regent. but. um...
perhaps this is one of those
whispers best left to the wind.
The queen is unharmed.
What of the
rider? Do we know who he is?
He appears to be a shipwright
in your employ. Lord Hand.
A commoner?
With respect to your
workers. Lord Corlys.
the lowborn cannot go
around seizing dragons.
Has the thief been secured?
Her Grace has commanded
that he remain here as a guest.
She wishes him to be instructed
in the art of dragonriding.
and that I should teach
him some High Valyrian.
We know nothing about this man.
save that he is lowborn.
What say you. Lord Hand?
We will await the
queen's accounting...
before passing judgment.
Where is the queen?
Her Grace sends word
she will not be attending.
So he serves
you and not himself.
- That is lucky.
- Lucky?
Or somehow ordained?
Seasmoke chose him.
He surely has Targaryen
blood in him somewhere.
The dragon must sense it.
There will be others.
We will find riders
for Vermithor and Silverwing.
You trust this man?
What choice do I have?
He has a dragon.
Without him. I have only Syrax
who may give Aemond
a second thought.
The question is where to look.
Targaryen blood was perhaps
too thin in Ser Steffon Darklyn.
If I can find others
with a more direct line
of breeding.
Forgive me. Your Grace...
but you are better served looking
under the sheets and in the woodpiles.
I once worked in
a pleasure house
where generations of Targaryen
princelings had their revels.
There are four score of
their bastard progeny at least.
that are known to me.
There are sure to be more.
Perhaps some here.
on Dragonstone.
the misbegotten
offspring of your house.
You speak of the lowborn.
They are as like to serve you
as highborn lords or
ladies. perhaps more.
But in the highborn
houses there is...
an ancient fealty.
There is honor.
Your royal half-brothers.
Aegon and Aemond.
whose blood is pure. who wage
war against you for your throne.
are they bound by honor?
A common shipwright
vows to serve you
while your brothers
seek to destroy you.
The order of things has
changed. Your Grace.
Why not embrace it?
For 20 years. the lords
of this realm levied...
insults at my sons
behind my back.
Well then.
Let us raise an
army of bastards.
- My lord.
- "My lord"?
How you have
come up in the world.
I wish to ask for leave
to relinquish my part
as a shipwright in your service.
There are good men and
strong who can take my place...
Your leave is granted.
Well done.
Lord Tully has
answered your summons and brought
the Riverlords. my king.
My condolences
on the passing of your grandsire
but the crown congratulates you on
your ascension to the head of your house
and Lord Paramount
in the Riverlands.
Truly glorious. Well done.
- I did nothing.
- Nevertheless. you are here. which is the important thing.
You were quick enough
to dismiss me before.
You were of no
significance to me then.
Now...
I shall have my great host.
You have a decision to make.
I presume it is clear to
you which is the right one.
You'll forgive me. Your Grace.
I am green in
this sort of matter.
as you so kindly point
out. but...
it does seem to me that
you've made rather a mess here.
countenancing barbarities
in the queen's name.
Whose side are you on?
The Riverlands are
held together by oaths.
House Tully swore
an oath to King Viserys.
We recognize the authority
of the named heir.
Queen Rhaenyra
and your own...
as her king consort.
Good.
Then we shall go
to face your vassals
and you will call
your banners to war.
That might be
difficult. my king.
Well...
I was told they
would come to heel
when House Tully
declared its allegiance.
That may be the case.
though it is yet to be seen
that they will heed my authority
as young as it is.
And there is another problem.
They all hate you.
I don't need their love.
I need their swords.
Your Grace. my lord.
The Riverlords await.
I fear we cannot
delay them any longer.
Come along. Lord Oscar.
In the deepest darkness
comes the dawn.
A new lord.
a new beginning.
Let us put all the old
unpleasantness behind us.
Be welcome. my lords...
and you have my thanks
for answering my summons.
I know I'm not the
man my grandsire was.
but I hope to begin well.
and go on from there.
Well said.
One thing is clear...
the Rivermen honor the old
ways and abide by tradition.
Here. then. is tradition.
Grover Tully is dead.
Lord Oscar raised
up in his place.
You have been summoned here
to swear anew
your fealty to him.
and as his bannermen.
answer his call.
And what would that call be?
In his wisdom. he
has pledged his house.
and yours. to me.
Lord Oscar. for
generations we have been guided
by the judgment
of your forebears.
Why should we now follow a
boy. younger than my own sons.
when you will align with one
who will desecrate the
innocent to reach his aims?
I did only what was
necessary. my lord.
And I now deliver
to you the traitor
Amos Bracken and his son.
No more traitor to his land
than you. Willem Blackwood.
I take to heart your
words. Lord Piper.
and I agree. I-I-I am young.
And I have no love
for Daemon Targaryen.
He has dishonored himself
and the crown with his...
comportment here.
Nevertheless. having so
little experience to guide me.
my best course is to defer to
the oath my grandsire swore
to King Viserys when he
named Rhaenyra his heir.
I see no reason
to cast aside loyalty
no matter how loathsome I may
find her representative the prince.
King.
Mind your tongue. boy.
Will you have our army or not?
I am. in the end. a Riverman
and the word of my house stands.
even if certain people
are unworthy of it.
Your Lord Oscar is bold.
But he is perhaps not wrong.
I may have been a
touch enthusiastic
in pursuing my aims.
But don't allow
my failings to...
keep you from
supporting an upright man.
Lord Oscar.
we honor the old ways.
as Prince Daemon says
- and the old ways call for justice to be done.
- Yes!
Justice has been done.
They who bent the knee to the
usurper have been brought to heel.
And now. we unite
before our liege lord...
and our king consort.
I accept you as my
vassal. Willem Blackwood...
but...
I am Lord Paramount
of all River Houses.
And there is only one
answer for the crimes
you visited upon your neighbors.
I did only what His Grace
the king required of me.
It is true that he
made clear his base desires.
but you did not have to
pursue such savagery.
You did it... because
you wanted to.
Our young lord speaks truly.
Seize him.
Don't fuckin' do this.
Your Grace. command
them. I've only served you.
- Command them.
- If His Grace wishes
to show contrition for his acts
and to prove himself
deserving of our banners
he must now rectify
his grievous error.
Denounce your crimes...
and dispense justice.
Dear.
No. no. no!
I did as you asked. Your
Grace. I have been faithful.
What is this?
I never wanted it.
I was right not to.
All that pain it caused.
It crushes whoever wears it.
You always wanted it. Daemon.
Do you want it still?
- Grand
Maester Orwyle: Steady. Slowly.
I can't.
You can. You
must try. Your Grace.
I can't. I can't!
I'm sorry. Your Grace.
God. God.
A moment!
A moment. please!
You really oughtn't to be
doing that alone. Grand Maester.
Allow me.
No. no. no. no. no. no. no.
Forgive me. Your Grace.
- Be careful.
- Wait. wait.
Your progress is impressive.
But I'm afraid you
must work harder.
Your strength will return.
There are... adjustments
to the gait and so forth
that you will learn
now that you are...
as you are.
You should be more cautious.
I. I should. Lord Larys.
He-He needs rest.
He should be abed.
I push him on your instruction.
I'll have the sentry
give you more warning.
Let him try again
in a few hours.
He is spent.
It will be long
before he may rest again.
Alyn.
My lord.
I have tasks that
need your personal attention.
The queen requires ships at
her service in King's Landing.
Charter fishing vessels.
Pay whatever they demand
but ensure their
captains are dependable.
- Put trusted swords aboard.
- Yes. m'lord.
Have them wait just
outside the harbor.
And there will be a message
to carry to one she will name.
The queen has found a new
rider for one of her dragons.
I've heard tell of it.
The rider is your brother.
She now makes
the call for others.
Our people are of Old Valyria.
but... we are no dragonlords.
I confess. I knew little
of your mother's heritage.
If it is...
something in the blood.
My brother was ever restless.
yearning for some
sign of his worth.
I am of salt and sea.
I yearn for nothing else.
I will retire now. Ser Rickard.
When does Your Grace
mean to return to the city?
I'm not yet certain I do.
Good night.
The lowborn claiming dragons.
was it her idea?
Lady Mysaria?
You were enthusiastic enough
when Ser Steffon made his claim.
He was the Lord Commander
of your Queensguard.
Heir to the Dun Fort.
These people are...
Courageous.
Mongrels.
Jace.
Think what is at stake.
I know well what is at stake.
House Targaryen is
the blood of the dragon.
If any may lay claim
to it. what are we then?
The rightful rulers of
the Seven Kingdoms.
And what if one of your
baseborn. silver-haired dragonriders
decides he wants to
rule the Seven Kingdoms?
Did the Conqueror's
dream foretell that?
What else would you have me do?
Prosecute a war.
which we will lose.
in which thousands will die.
Or fly against Vhagar myself?
Or perhaps you will fly
against her on Vermax.
Jace. with these riders.
we can end a needless war.
I may take my rightful
place on my father's throne.
And when you die?
You are my heir.
Did you think I
would have dark hair?
When you took Harwin
Strong into your bed.
did you think I might favor him.
or did it not cross your mind?
- Jacaerys...
- I'm no fool. Mother!
The proof is
here for all to see.
Yet I may argue my
legitimacy to succeed you
because I have a dragon.
And now you say you
will strip that from me too.
I mislike all of this.
Then don't pursue it.
But I cannot gainsay
that which the gods
have laid before me.
Do whatever you must
to see that it finds her.
From the queen.
You won't believe this.
Word is. Rhaenyra's recruiting
smallfolk to go to Dragonstone.
- Fuck that.
- They wouldn't take you anyway.
They're looking... for
Targaryen bastards.
Boats leave tonight.
Hour of the bat.
Seven hells. Ulf.
This is it!
Yeah. a likely story.
- You've been taken in. lads.
- No. no. no. no. no.
The queen's own handmaid
is here. spreadin' the word.
Well. that's a shame
'cause I'd have been
first in line if it
wasn't for my injury.
- 'Cause my leg hasn't been the same since...
- Are you touched?
He's saying you
can claim a dragon.
The barkeep from the
Seven Maesters is goin'.
And two of the
girls from Mother's.
- A chance to stick it to Aemond.
- And claim a dragon.
- Dragon!
- Yeah. no. I know.
- What?
- I know. I just... I can't...
I can't be sure it's all true.
You can't mean that
you've been drinkin'
at the expense of all
these. these good people
- for a fiction? No. Ulf.
- No. no. Shh.
All spark and no tinder?
- They won't be happy.
- They'll be very unhappy.
- Never live it down.
- Come on. Ulf. the time has come!
- Come on!
Can I see a little glimmer?
- Where is it?
- There's the Ulf I know.
Yes! Yes. there he is!
- Yes. yes!
- Wine! Wine for Ulf the Dragonlord!
Ulf the Dragonlord!
I don't want you to go.
I have to. Kat.
We'll go to my
brother in Tumbleton.
They'll have food.
You'll find work.
I can't ignore this.
I never knew my father.
That much is true.
But I did know my mother.
I hid it from you.
And I'm sorry for that.
She worked...
in a pleasure house.
She was granted
more freedom than most
because of who she was.
And because rich men paid more
to fuck a woman with silver hair.
She used to tell me...
I was no different
to her brother's boys
Viserys... and Daemon.
But I was ashamed of her.
I tried to make my
way with my own hands.
I could not protect you.
I could not keep our girl alive.
And now...
we would never want again.
If I claimed a dragon...
they'd make you a lady.
I do not care to
be a lady. Hugh.
And neither do I
want to be a widow.
I have to do somethin'.
I used to think I knew what it
was to claim a dragon. but...
I understand now that
what I thought I knew is...
ash in the wind.
Perhaps it is blood.
Or worth.
Or perhaps it's something else.
Each of you... has left
behind a life to answer this call.
A life to which... you
might never return.
If you survive. you
will be transformed.
No man or woman can face
a dragon and be otherwise.
Some of you may welcome
the prospect of change.
even death. given
the alternatives:
privation... starvation. war.
This is our purpose.
to end those hardships.
For you...
for your kin. for all the realm.
With these two dragons
added to our number.
the enemy will have no
choice but to give way.
And peace will be restored...
suffering will be ended.
and without bloodshed...
gods willing.
The dragon
named Vermithor...
is the largest in the
world after Vhagar.
and... perhaps. the most fierce.
He's called the Bronze Fury.
We'll go to him now.
And...
may the gods bless you.
Who among you would be first?
I have nothing more to tell you.
It must be the
dragon who speaks.
- Your Grace. we must away!
- No.
Help me! Help...
Help me!
F...
- No!
- Shh. shh. shh!
Here! Here I am!
I'm ready.
Come on!
"Lord Ormund Hightower
makes slow progress.
"There is great
concern that his host
"is threatened on two fronts
by armies allied with
House Beesbury."
However. in happier tidings.
Prince Daeron's
dragon. Tessarion.
has at last taken to wing.
Your brother expects
to join the fight soon.
Dragon!
And when he does.
the Hightower host
will be unstoppable.
Dragon! Inside! Now!
Take positions!
Open the gates!
The dragons dance.
and men are like
dust under their feet.
We march now
toward our annihilation.
I have entrusted
you with a power only few have known.
We must strike while
we have the advantage.
The Prince Regent is angry.
There is no telling
what he will do.
You
wish to rule the Seven Kingdoms.
but you reign ruin and death.
While you have mustered an army.
Rhaenyra has faltered.
Pretenders raise
new riders against us.
I need you to fly with
Dreamfyre to battle.
We will answer
outrage with outrage.
For every one of us who falls.
a hundred of them.
There will be no mercy!
In this
episode. Rhaenyra throws off
all dissenting
opinions around her.
and then takes her
court of commoners
all out onto the platform.
Who among you would be first?
I always talked
about that coastline scene
as a Western showdown.
a scene out of Sergio Leone.
Once Upon a Time in the West...
with the dragon being
the Colt on their hip.
and the way they carefully
approach each other
and size each other up.
What do you want?
Until this point.
she's thinking about people
that are after their own
rise and personal gain.
And I think she wants
to get a sense of whether
she has to kill this
man or kill his dragon.
To serve my Queen.
To meet somebody that
actually does this miraculous thing
and then immediately
bends the knee to her.
in a way. that is
a bit of a shock.
Do you think you can
get him to Dragonstone?
The moment
Addam claims Seasmoke.
suddenly Rhaenyra
understands that she was right.
that people with
some Targaryen blood
somewhere in their
lineage can claim dragons.
- These people are...
- Courageous.
Mongrels.
Yeah. it's a big. big moment.
You know. obviously.
last time that Jace
probably would've said
anything was in season one.
when little Jace said.
"Am I a bastard?"
House Targaryen is
the blood of the dragon.
If any may lay claim
to it. what are we then?
Jace very simply
looks at it as like.
"You're going to just take any
gutter rat from King's Landing
and try to put them on dragons?
It makes me a common aristocrat
with black hair and
a checkered past."
My Lord.
My Lord?
How you have
come up in the world.
Being initially shocked.
Corlys is then very proud.
It's because that's my son.
Off his own back. he's
made something of himself.
And I think that's very
important for Corlys
because that's how
he sees himself.
Well done.
Yes. two words. but they
mean just more than "well done."
They're... They
mean. "I see you."
Daemon goes
out into the godswood.
expecting a certain outcome.
and then the fun of that
scene is seeing all the cards
as they're turned over.
Why should we now follow a
boy when you will align with one
who will desecrate the
innocent to reach his aims?
Not only are you going
to have to show your belly to them
in order to get your way...
I may have been a
touch enthusiastic
in pursuing my aims.
Seize him.
Your Grace. command
them. I've only served you.
But now you're going
to go one step further
and actually take
the head of this guy
that pledged his
life in service to you.
No. no. no!
Daemon isn't the most
honorable guy in the world.
but I think he does have
that kind of mafia honor to him.
He's made this sort
of life-and-death pact
with Willem Blackwood
and said. "You do my way.
and I'll see that the
sky's the limit for you."
He's so used to
being in control.
and it all just slips
through his fingers.
And you see how he just
comes apart at the end of it.
I had a long
conversation with Paddy.
and he said.
"I'll play the part.
but I want to play
the final scene.
when he offers the crown up.
I want to do it in the
decrepit makeup."
It was Paddy's idea.
which is just a clever idea.
And then he turns around.
and Daemon. for the first time.
sees the full kind of
degradation of his face.
And he presents him the crown.
He's like. "God. is that
what I wanted? Do I need it?"
There's a lot going
on in that scene.
Do you want it still?
One of the things I love about
House of the Dragon is that
it's a generational narrative.
We have a lot of
young characters
that are all coming of age.
one of whom is Rhaena.
Lady
Jeyne's been promised a dragon.
She receives two. but it's
like. asterisk. they're babies.
They can't protect her.
So. when she
embarks on her journey.
she's desperate to find. like.
more than just a
dragon. it's purpose.
She doesn't stop. and
she's not going to stop.
In episode
seven. Alicent has lost any power.
any legitimacy that she held.
She does notice a cut similar
in placement to Rhaenyra's.
and I think it sort
of brings into focus
the absurdity of it all.
I wish to go out. Ser Rickard.
Her need to escape
King's Landing
is to sort of zoom
out from it all a bit
and get some clarity
on the situation.
Alicent's disillusioned.
She doesn't know that she
has a place in the Red Keep.
or if she did.
whether she wants it.
And I think at the beginning
of it. we're sort of wondering.
"Is Alicent out
here to end it all?"
This moment of peace
that could potentially be
the last time for her.
We see her go
through a bit of an awakening.
When her eyes open.
snap back into reality
with a sense of purpose.
I mean. what that purpose
is remains to be seen.
The dragonkeepers
very much reject Rhaenyra's idea.
so Rhaenyra is left alone.
This was actually Emma's
pitch for Rhaenyra to go
and. like. walk
amongst the seeds.
as though a pastor
amongst her flock
in the terms of
a religious cult.
Suffering will be ended.
And without bloodshed.
When you realize
that Rhaenyra is just basically
throwing stuff against the
wall and seeing whether it sticks
and seeing if somebody
can emerge from this.
it goes very bad. very quickly.
In many ways. I think there's
a way of looking at that scene
as ritual sacrifice.
The whole
sequence where I'm running
through the cavern
in front of Vermithor.
it took a whole
day of rehearsing.
running it through
with the Steadicam.
They call Vermithor
the Bronze Fury.
and I think that's
really fitting for Hugh.
He's quite angry inside.
Come on!
It's a mystery.
No one really knows
how the Targaryens
are talking to the dragons.
We wanted to not just
see the same thing again and again.
which is a guy claiming a dragon
and getting it to bend the neck.
Every fiber of Ulf's
body wants out.
Close my eyes.
pray for a quick death.
which doesn't come.
I think it's that supplication
and the way that he showed
deference to Silverwing
that probably makes
her choose him.
But we didn't want to get too
much into the whys and hows.
We don't really understand
why a dragon chooses its rider.
I've said I'm a Targaryen.
Turns out. I'm a Targaryen.
Dragon!
I don't think the news of
Seasmoke really reached Aemond.
and you can tell that by the way
Larys and Ironrod
exchanged glances
when they hear the
dragon flying over the city
because I think they both
assumed that it's Seasmoke.
Rhaenyra's
raised new riders in the dragonseeds.
Aemond retaliates
without even thinking.
and he goes to meet them.
Open the gates!
He was supposed
to be the special one.
The fact that somebody
else is out there that did this
just breaks his brain.
So. his immediate
response is. of course.
he rides and gets on his
dragon with the intent of going out
and killing Silverwing.
And he gets more
than he bargained for.
And for the first time
since season one.
we see fear in his eye.
And literally. the Dragon Queen
coming out of the Dragonmont.
Not only Silverwing.
but Vermithor and also Syrax.
And whatever questions
she was faced with.
she was right in the end
and was able to assemble
this army of dragons.
>>>>oakislandtk
www.opensubtitles.org
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm